Add upgrade note about release date constraint (#2948)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/install-upgrade/upgrading-stack.asciidoc

* <<prepare-to-upgrade,Upgrade from 7.x>>
endif::[]

> [NOTE]
> ====
> Elastic maintains several minor versions of the Elastic Stack at once, so
> releases do not always happen in order of their version numbers. You can only
> upgrade to {version} if the version you are currently running has an older
> version number than {version} _and_ has an earlier release date than {version}.
> 
> If you are currently running a version with an older version number but a later
> release date than {version}, wait for a newer release before upgrading.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
Elastic maintains several minor versions of the Elastic Stack at once. This means
releases do not always happen in order of their version numbers. You can only
upgrade to {version} if the version you are currently running meets both these
conditions:

* Has an older version number than {version}
* Has an earlier release date than {version}

If you are currently running a version with an older version number but a later
release date than {version}, wait for a newer release before upgrading.
====
```

Reviewer: Couple minor optional tweaks for readability + stronger admonition type

Reviewer: Maybe "Upgrades to chronologically-older versions will be blocked" is helpful info too?

Author: ++ thanks, updated & tweaked a little further
